if...else programming exercise


Write a  program to find maximum between two numbers.


Write a  program to find maximum between three numbers.


Write a  program to check whether a number is negative, positive or zero.


Write a  program to check whether a number is divisible by 5 and 11 or not.


Write a  program to check whether a number is even or odd.


Write a  program to check whether a year is leap year or not.


Write a  program to check whether a character is alphabet or not.


Write a  program to input any alphabet and check whether it is vowel or consonant.


Write a  program to input any character and check whether it is alphabet, digit or special character.


Write a  program to check whether a character is uppercase or lowercase alphabet.


Write a  program to input week number and print week day.


Write a  program to input month number and print number of days in that month.


Write a  program to count total number of notes in given amount.


Write a  program to input angles of a triangle and check whether triangle is valid or not.


Write a  program to input all sides of a triangle and check whether triangle is valid or not.


Write a  program to check whether the triangle is equilateral, isosceles or scalene triangle.


Write a  program to find all roots of a quadratic equation.


Write a  program to calculate profit or loss.
switch case.

Write a  program to print day of week name using switch case.


Write a  program print total number of days in a month using switch case.


Write a  program to check whether an alphabet is vowel or consonant using switch case.


Write a  program to find maximum between two numbers using switch case.


Write a  program to check whether a number is even or odd using switch case.


Write a  program to check whether a number is positive, negative or zero using switch case.


Write a  program to find roots of a quadratic equation using switch case.


Write a  program to create Simple Calculator using switch case